=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Log::Dispatch::Perl - Use core Perl functions for logging

=head1 VERSION

version 0.05

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use Log::Dispatch::Perl ();

 my $dispatcher = Log::Dispatch->new;
 $dispatcher->add( Log::Dispatch::Perl->new(
  name      => 'foo',
  min_level => 'info',
  action    => { debug     => '',
                 info      => '',
                 notice    => 'warn',
                 warning   => 'warn',
                 error     => 'die',
                 critical  => 'die',
                 alert     => 'croak',
                 emergency => 'croak',
               },
 ) );

 $dispatcher->warning( "This is a warning" );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The "Log::Dispatch::Perl" module offers a logging alternative using standard
Perl core functions.  It allows you to fall back to the common Perl
alternatives for logging, such as "warn" and "cluck".  It also adds the
possibility for a logging action to halt the current environment, such as
with "die" and "croak".

=head1 POSSIBLE ACTIONS

The following actions are currently supported (in alphabetical order):

=head2 (absent or empty string or undef)

Indicates no action should be executed.  Default for log levels "debug" and
"info".

=head2 carp

Indicates a "carp" action should be executed.  See L<Carp/"carp">.  Halts
execution.

=head2 cluck

Indicates a "cluck" action should be executed.  See L<Carp/"cluck">.  Does
B<not> halt execution.

=head2 confess

Indicates a "confess" action should be executed.  See L<Carp/"confess">.  Halts
execution.

=head2 croak

Indicates a "croak" action should be executed.  See L<Carp/"croak">.  Halts
execution.

=head2 die

Indicates a "die" action should be executed.  See L<perlfunc/"die">.  Halts
execution.

=head2 warn

Indicates a "warn" action should be executed.  See L<perlfunc/"warn">.  Does
B<not> halt execution.

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Log-Dispatch-Perl>
(or L<bug-Log-Dispatch-Perl@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Log-Dispatch-Perl@rt.cpan.org>).

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org> and C<irc.freenode.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Elizabeth Mattijsen (liz@dijkmat.nl)

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2020 by Elizabeth Mattijsen.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
